Update Server AI Toolkit docs for new API (#783)
ueberdosis/tiptap-docs: src/content/content-ai/capabilities/server-ai-toolkit/install.mdx

    Request access to the Server AI Toolkit by{' '}
    <a href="https://tiptap.dev/contact-sales?form=server-ai-toolkit">contacting our team</a>.
  </RequirementItem>
  <RequirementItem label="2. Install the package">
    The Server AI Toolkit package is open source. Install it from the public npm registry using npm
    or your preferred package manager.
  </RequirementItem>
  <RequirementItem label="3. Authenticate to the service">
    Configure your Content AI credentials to access the Server AI Toolkit service.
  </RequirementItem>
</Requirements>

<EnterpriseCalloutAuto variant="server-ai-toolkit" renderMode="sidebar" />

> Install the open-source Server AI Toolkit package from the public npm registry:

Author: ```suggestion
First, <a href="https://tiptap.dev/contact-sales?form=server-ai-toolkit">contact our team</a> to get access to the Server AI Toolkit.

Then, install the open-source Server AI Toolkit package:
```
